# LevelUp
Life is a grind. No matter who we are, there are always ways in which we are looking to improve ourselves. Weather it's our knowledge, skills, physical fitness, or something more specific.
For many of these things, we like the idea of the results but struggle with consistently committing to the work that is required to get there. Nobody likes the grind itself… unless its in a video game!
In video games, there is something inherently satisfying about seeing your character's stats and skills increase, being able to do things that they weren't able to do before, and of course watching all sorts of XP bars fill up in the process. The goal of LevelUp is to channel the satisfaction of grinding in a video game into real life improvement.

LevelUp allows users to create a profile, and then create skills associated with any attributes they would like to improve in their everyday life. These attributes include: academics, community, crafts, fitness, hobby, mental. The skills however, are all up to the user. For example, if a user would like to improve their fitness, they may create skills like weightlifting, cardio, or any other skill that matches the induvidual user's goals. After the user creates their skills, they can create custom quests that map to real life tasks and goals. When creating a quest, the user may associate any of their skills with the quest. Once these quests are complete, the user will gain experience in the related skills. As the user continues to complete quests, they will earn xp towards leveling up their skills, attributes, and main level. The character sheet will allow them to visualize their progress in a fun way. Quests and skills are completely customizable so the user can set their own goals and improve at their own pace.
The final code can be viewed on the master branch of this repository.


